week3_mitre_attack/README.md, before:

# Week 3 – MITRE ATT&CK Analysis

## Objective

Explore the MITRE ATT&CK dashboard within Wazuh to understand how detected events are mapped to tactics such as Defense Evasion, Privilege Escalation, Initial Access, and Persistence.

## Steps Performed

1. Ran host-based activity on the Kali agent to generate logs (e.g., Nmap scans and privileged commands).  
2. Opened the MITRE ATT&CK dashboard in Wazuh and refreshed to view recent activity.  
3. Reviewed the top tactics and techniques triggered by our actions.

For the full list of commands used during this exercise, see **`week3_mitre_attack/command-history.md`**.

## Findings

The MITRE ATT&CK dashboard showed activity for several tactics:
- **Defense Evasion**
- **Privilege Escalation**
- **Initial Access**
- **Persistence**

Reconnaissance was not displayed by default. The focus of Week 3 was to confirm that Wazuh is properly mapping events to ATT&CK tactics and understanding which behaviors generate detections.

## Results
<img width="1913" height="908" alt="wasuh3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45b15f41-778c-4a28-8c76-9431005347a5" />



## Lessons Learned

- Wazuh can map host-based activity to multiple MITRE ATT&CK tactics out-of-the-box.  
- Additional configuration (e.g., auditd rules or network IDS alerts) might be required to map reconnaissance activities.

Commit message:

Fix Week 3 README: remove screenshot and recon details.
Updated README to clarify findings and improve formatting.

week3_mitre_attack/README.md, after:

# Week 3 – MITRE ATT&CK Analysis

## Objective

Explore the MITRE ATT&CK dashboard within Wazuh to understand how detected events are mapped to tactics such as Defense Evasion, Privilege Escalation, Initial Access, and Persistence.

## Steps Performed

1. Ran host-based activity on the Kali agent to generate logs (e.g., Nmap scans and privileged commands).
2. Opened the MITRE ATT&CK dashboard in Wazuh and refreshed to view recent activity.
3. Reviewed the top tactics and techniques triggered by our actions.

For the full list of commands used during this exercise, see **week3_mitre_attack/command-history.md**.

## Findings

The MITRE ATT&CK dashboard showed activity for several tactics:

- **Defense Evasion**
- **Privilege Escalation**
- **Initial Access**
- **Persistence**

These findings demonstrate that Wazuh can map host-based activity to multiple MITRE ATT&CK tactics out-of-the-box and provide insight into which behaviors generate detections.

## Evidence

A screenshot of the MITRE ATT&CK dashboard illustrating these detections can be found in **week3_mitre_attack/screenshots.md**.

## Lessons Learned

- Wazuh can map host-based activity to multiple MITRE ATT&CK tactics out-of-the-box.
- Additional configuration (e.g., extra audit rules or network IDS alerts) might be required to map additional tactics not covered by default.
